Hurry and hold him down for me.
I don't want to make any moves for the prince.
Yes, didn’t you just say,
Isn’t it possible? I think you are the one with the problem! You!
If you go first, I can't die!
Here! There must be something wrong with Mr. Buyer’s.
No, I must find a way first,
See what kind of poison he has, you put poison on him!
What should I do if I go ahead?
Come on, I don't have an antidote at all,
Please let the princess take a look at Wufang.
I didn’t expect my hard-on drug to develop so late,
He said that if he didn't do it for a day, he would be punished for it.
What do you want to do?
When you believe me or not, I'm too damned if you don't believe me,
Get it done. Where's the toxicity?
Mr. Bai has been suppressed
This layer, layer, layer, layer, layer, layer, layer, layer, layer, layer, layer, layer, layer, layer, layer, layer, layer, layer, layer, layer, layer, layer, layer, layer, layer, layer, layer, layer, layer, layer.
Layer, layer, layer, layer, layer, layer, layer, layer, layer, layer, layer, layer, layer, layer, layer, layer, layer, layer, layer, layer, layer, layer.
Layer, layer, layer, layer, layer, layer, layer, layer, layer, layer, layer, layer, layer, layer, layer, layer, layer, layer, layer, layer, layer.
Do you really think that woman is going to harm you?
Losing is just a guess
Then go find out
If you lose, go check it out.
Your Majesty, please drink the medicine first.
Is your lord okay?